Update Kotlin docs with coroutines support (#2971)
aws-amplify/docs: docs/lib/project-setup/fragments/android/async/async.md

Most functionalities in Amplify Android are exposed as asynchronous functions. These functions return immediately, returning a result at a later time:

```kotlin
val post = Post.builder()
    .title("My First Post")
    .build()

// Time 0: save() is called.
Amplify.DataStore.save(post,
    {
        // Time 2, later: a result or error is emitted
        Log.i("MyAmplifyApp", "Saved a post")
    },
    {
        // Time 2, later: a result of error is emitted
        Log.e("MyAmplifyApp", "Save failed", it)
    }
)
// Time 1: save() yields execution to following lines,
// but no result available, yet.

```

This is a familiar pattern to many Android developers, and so is the default way of interacting with Amplify Android.

> However, this development model has some shortcomings. Let's say you need to wait for an operation to complete, so that you can perform additional logic that depends on its result. This can quickly become unmaintainable, resulting in a situation known as "callback hell":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this development model has some challenges. Let's say you need to wait for an operation to complete, so that you can perform additional logic that depends on its result. This can quickly become unmaintainable, resulting in a situation known as "callback hell":
```

Consider a relational model where the creation of a `Post` also requires the creation of a `User` for the editor, and a `PostEditor` object to link the two together:

```java
Post post = Post.builder()
    .title("My First Post")
    .build();

User editor = User.builder()
    .username("Nadia")
    .build();

PostEditor postEditor = PostEditor.builder()
    .post(post)
    .editor(editor)
    .build();
```

Using callbacks, you can save these objects via:

```kotlin
Amplify.DataStore.save(post,
    {
        Log.i("MyAmplifyApp", "Post saved")
        Amplify.DataStore.save(editor,
            {
                Log.i("MyAmplifyApp", "Editor saved")
                Amplify.DataStore.save(postEditor,
                    { Log.i("MyAmplifyApp", "PostEditor saved") },
                    { Log.e("MyAmplifyApp", "PostEditor not saved", it) }
                )
            },
            { Log.e("MyAmplifyApp", "Editor not saved", it) }
        )
    },
    { Log.e("MyAmplifyApp", "Post not saved", it) }
)
```

> After three calls, we're no longer writing down the page, we're writing down-and-right. As our program grows, this won't scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After three calls, we're no longer writing down the page, we're writing down-and-right. As our program grows, this may become difficult to scale.
```
